reword readme to not reference being a fork anymore (#5)
openhab/openhab-jruby: README.md

* [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)
* [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Thanks

>  [openhab-scripting](https://github.com/boc-tothefuture/openhab-jruby)
> 
> This gem is the officially supported helper library for JRuby by openHAB, drawing deeply from work on prior iterations by [@boc-tothefuture](https://github.com/boc-tothefuture), [@ccutrer](https://github.com/ccutrer), [@jimtng](https://github.com/jimtng), and [@pacive](https://github.com/pacive).
> See [Changes from openhab-scripting](CHANGELOG.md#500) for more detail significant breaking changes from the last published release of @boc-tothefuture's gem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [@boc-tothefuture](https://github.com/boc-tothefuture) created and maintained this library up to version 4.x prior to being included into the official openHAB repository.
* [@ccutrer](https://github.com/ccutrer) performed major restructuring and added significant new features in version 5.0. 
* [@jimtng](https://github.com/jimtng), [@pacive](https://github.com/pacive), and others who have made contributions to this library.

See [changes in 5.0](CHANGELOG.md#500) for more detail significant breaking changes from the last published release prior to the inclusion into openHAB's repository.
```
